Added Index.md to DevOps (#97)
BHoM/documentation: docs/DevOps/Index.md

# Introduction to DevOps

This is the section dedicated to **DevOps**. 

> Within the following pages of this section, you will find more information about our DevOps practices, procedures and ways of working that facilitate cohesion and collaboration across the BHoM. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Within the following pages of this section, you will find more information about our DevOps practices, procedures and ways of working that facilitate cohesion and collaboration across the BHoM. 
```

## What is DevOps?

> The word DevOps is a combination of the terms *development* and *operations*. The vision of DevOps is to have a smooth, streamlined and sophistical cycle for development, deployment and to provide improvements across the BHoM Community. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The word DevOps is a combination of the terms *development* and *operations*. The vision of DevOps is to have a smooth, streamlined and sophisticated cycle for development, deployment and improvements across the BHoM Community. 
```

Author: Definitely agree with changing to "sophisticated" but I think it would be better to add an oxford comma instead of removing "to provide".

Reviewer: As discussed offline, that is fair and your point was well made so am happy to go with that suggestion 😄 👍
